update cold wasabi 2nd part (#1380)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/using-wasabi/ColdWasabi.md

> 12. Connect your hardware wallet to the computer.
> 13. Load the cold Wasabi wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. Connect your hardware wallet to the computer.
12. Load the cold Wasabi wallet.
```

> 14. Go to the `Send` dialog, enter the amount and destination, then sign the transaction with the hardware wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. Go to the `Send` dialog, enter the amount and the destination address, then sign the transaction with the hardware wallet.
```
